---
ID: 64
post_title: Front Page
author: s.ryan28@me.com
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: http://scottryan.org/hestia-front/
published: true
post_date: 2018-02-21 03:00:29
---
<p>I often think if I could send a postcard to my past self? How awesome would that be! </p><blockquote><p>Dear Young Scott,</p><p>Listen kid, right now you're living this carefree life in Vancouver, WA. But soon you're going to get a little adventurous and decide to accept a job as a Software Engineer with Intel. You'll end up moving to the Seattle area where you'll really grow into your own. Oh and by the way you'll end up meeting a girl who should probably marry sooner than later but for now, let's keep this professional. Around this time you'll decide to try your hand at being a small business owner and you'll open up a really cool coffee shop.</p><p>Life will be going great until one day you end up selling your coffee shop and get news that you've been transferred on the same day. So now you're ready for your Arizona adventure. You'll end up leaving Intel after another year but you really like Arizona so you decide to stay. You'll end up working for some pretty big names in Phoenix (Microsoft, Insight, American Express, and Wells Fargo) and you find yourself transitioning from engineering to leading Consulting teams. You'll also become a pretty good sales manager while still maintaining your tech savvy.</p><p>Lately, you've been finding yourself drawn to local politics and in 2014 you're going to decide that you want to run for the State Legislature. It doesn't quite work out and even though you put together a great campaign team, did pretty good at fundraising, and overall you made a pretty big splash it just wasn't meant to be this time. That's okay because in 2016 you decide to run for the school board. You end up getting more than 28k votes but fall short of victory by 800 votes, which will really suck.</p><p>You haven't been idle on the tech side though and you started your own technology company that features On Demand tech services for businesses. Your goal for this company was to eventually get acquired and that happens rather on when you get an unsolicited offer to sell.</p><p></p><p>Oh, you've also become very involved in your community. You're going to become the club President of the Kiwanis, become a board member for the Boys &amp; Girls Club, a high school Key Club adviser, and you'll end up making a least of the 15 people who will have the most impact in your community. You're really going to like volunteering!</p><p></p><p>So now you're a veteran of two political campaigns and you've sold two businesses as well. You've worked at some of the bigger names in tech (not to mention all the companies you'll end up doing projects for). You've become this great communicator and people find you very trustworthy. You're going to find out that you have this great energy that infects others and you are probably one of the most level headed people during a crisis. </p><p>Just keep doing what you're doing!</p><p>-Future Scott</p></blockquote><div class="row"><div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 text-center"><h5 class="description">The world is full of obvious things by which nobody by any chance ever observes</h5></div></div><div class="row"><div class="col-md-6 text-right"><h3>The game is afoot</h3></div><div class="col-md-6"><p>Data! Data! Data! I cannot make bricks without clay</p></div></div><div class="row"><div class="col-md-8 col-md-offset-2 text-center"><h5 class="description">The world is full of obvious things by which nobody by any chance ever observes</h5></div></div><div class="row"><div class="col-md-6 text-right"><h3>The game is afoot</h3></div><div class="col-md-6"><p>Data! Data! Data! I cannot make bricks without clay</p></div></div>